Update release documentation for 3.3.0 (#25401)
wxWidgets/wxWidgets: docs/release.md

To verify your download please use the following SHA-1 checksums:

    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000  wxMSW-3.3.0-Setup.exe
    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000  wxWidgets-3.3.0-docs-chm.zip
    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000  wxWidgets-3.3.0-docs-html.tar.bz2
    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000  wxWidgets-3.3.0-docs-html.zip
    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000  wxWidgets-3.3.0-headers.7z
    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000  wxWidgets-3.3.0.7z
    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000  wxWidgets-3.3.0.tar.bz2
    0000000000000000000000000000000000000000  wxWidgets-3.3.0.zip

## Binaries

We provide pre-built binary files for x86-64 Windows for the following compilers:

* Microsoft Visual C++ compiler versions 14.0, 14.1, 14.2 and 14.3 (corresponding to marketing product names of Microsoft Visual Studio 2015, 2017, 2019 and 2022 respectively). Please note that MSVC 14.x versions are ABI-compatible and the same set of binaries is used for all of them.

> * MinGW-w64 version 15.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MINGW64 with GCC 15.1.
```

### For Developers

> For developing applications with wxWidgets you need to download the compiler-independent `wxWidgets-3.3.0_Headers.7z` file and one of `wxMSW-3.3.0-vcXXX_Dev.7z` or `wxMSW-3.3.0_gccXXX_Dev.7z` files depending on your compiler, its version and the target architecture (x86 if not specified or x64).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For developing applications with wxWidgets you need to download the compiler-independent `wxWidgets-3.3.0_Headers.7z` file and one of `wxMSW-3.3.0-vc14x_x64_Dev.7z` or `wxMSW-3.3.0_gcc1510_x64_Dev.7z` files depending on your compiler.
```

Sheet..." from the project context menu and browse to this file in the file
open dialog.

Please see the [instructions in the manual](https://docs.wxwidgets.org/3.3.0/plat_msw_binaries.html) for more details.

### For End Users

> End users may download one of `wxMSW-3.3.0_vcXXX_ReleaseDLL.7z` or `wxMSW-3.3.0_gccXXX_ReleaseDLL.7z` files to get just the DLLs required for running the applications using wxWidgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End users may download one of `wxMSW-3.3.0_vc14x_x64_ReleaseDLL.7z` or `wxMSW-3.3.0_gcc1510_x64_ReleaseDLL.7z` files to get just the DLLs required for running the applications using wxWidgets.
```

### For Debugging

> * Microsoft Visual C++ users: Files `wxMSW-3.3.0_vcXXX_ReleasePDB.7z` contain the debug symbols for the release build of the DLLs. Download them if you want to debug your own applications in release build or if you want to get meaningful information from mini-dumps retrieved from your users machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Microsoft Visual C++ users: Files `wxMSW-3.3.0_vc14x_x64_ReleasePDB.7z` contain the debug symbols for the release build of the DLLs. Download them if you want to debug your own applications in release build or if you want to get meaningful information from mini-dumps retrieved from your users machines.
```
